So welcome to Shoot
Hoop! This is going to be a lot of fun, this game! What are they going to do, Sam? In this game
you are basically a basketball player, and you're going to be looking around the scene
and shooting, basically, a first person basketball shooting game, and it
can also work in the Oculus Rift, so that's really cool! Absolutely!
And when you've done the next section you'll be able to come back and convert it to Cardboard, so
lots of possibilities! You'll be seeing Unity properly, for the first time, and really starting to learn
how Unity works. But not just that, what else will they be learning? You'll be
diving even deeper into some of the features of C# and learning
how to put all that knowledge from the last section into practice in making 3D games.
Absolutely! And of course, you're going to be learning the fundamentals of development in
VR, so that's going to be a really important point, too. What
are we doing about assets for this? What are we doing about artwork, Sam? Yeah, you don't have to
worry about any of that, we've bundled everything you need in line with the lectures of this
course, so you just go along and we'll tell you when you need to grab those assets.
Fantastic! Absolutely! And against this lecture is a link to the Google
Slides, as usual, which will give you your section notes which we encourage you to take a look at,
and that can be really useful revision material. That's right, I'm so excited and
let's dive right in!